[Identity] Add @azure/identity conceptual documentation and update READMEs (#5837)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/storage/storage-queue/README.md

## Authenticating with Azure Active Directory

> This library supports the use of [`@azure/identity`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity) which provides a variety of credential types that your application can use to authenticate with Azure Active Directory. The [README for `@azure/identity`](/sdk/identity/identity/README.md) provides more details and samples to get you started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure Queue Storage service supports the use of Azure Active Directory to authenticate requests to its APIs. The [`@azure/identity`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity) package provides a variety of credential types that your application can use to do this. The [README for `@azure/identity`](/sdk/identity/identity/README.md) provides more details and samples to get you started.
```
